README.md, before:

# Jimoh Abdulquyum Portfolio

A modern, responsive, and visually appealing portfolio built with **React** and **React-Bootstrap**. Showcases my projects, skills, and contact information, designed for both desktop and mobile users.

## Features

- **About Section**: Introduces me and my tech skills.
- **Projects Section**: Displays my recent projects with GitHub and demo links.
- **Contact Form**: Fully functional contact form using **EmailJS**.
- **Responsive Design**: Works across different devices and screen sizes.
- **Animations & Effects**: Smooth transitions and particle background for visual appeal.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: React, React-Bootstrap, React Icons, CSS
- **Email Integration**: EmailJS
- **Version Control**: Git, GitHub

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed
- Git installed

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Headmaster-22/My-Portfolio.git

#Enter the project folder
cd My-Portfolio

#Install the dependencies
npm install

#Start the development server
npm start

Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

#Deployment

#This project can be deployed on platforms like Netlify, #Vercel, or GitHub Pages. Before deploying, run:
npm run build

#and deploy the generated build folder.

You can reach me via the Contact Form in the portfolio or at:

Email: jimohabdulquyum@gmail.com

Phone: +2349115150320 / +2349137702515

Commit message:

Revise README for deployment and license sections
Updated README to include deployment information and license details.

README.md, after:

# Jimoh Abdulquyum Portfolio

A modern, responsive, and visually appealing portfolio built with **React** and **React-Bootstrap**. Showcases my projects, skills, and contact information, designed for both desktop and mobile users.

## Features

- **About Section**: Introduces me and my tech skills.
- **Projects Section**: Displays my recent projects with GitHub and demo links.
- **Contact Form**: Fully functional contact form using **EmailJS**.
- **Responsive Design**: Works across different devices and screen sizes.
- **Animations & Effects**: Smooth transitions and particle background for visual appeal.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: React, React-Bootstrap, React Icons, CSS
- **Email Integration**: EmailJS
- **Version Control**: Git, GitHub

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm installed
- Git installed

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Headmaster-22/My-Portfolio.git

#Enter the project folder
cd My-Portfolio

#Install the dependencies
npm install

#Start the development server
npm start

Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

## Deployment
The app is deployed on Netlify. You can find the live version of the app at https://jimohabdulquyum.netlify.app/.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments
- Special thanks to the open-source community for providing invaluable resources and tools.

## Contact
If you have any questions or feedback, please feel free to contact me at <jimohabdulquyum@gmail.com>.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
3. Make your changes and commit them.
4. Push your changes to your fork.
5. Submit a pull request to the main repository.
Please note that this project is open-source and contributions are welcome. By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by the project's code of conduct and to the terms of the license.

#and deploy the generated build folder.

You can reach me via the Contact Form in the portfolio or at:

Email: jimohabdulquyum@gmail.com

Phone: +2349115150320 / +2349137702515
